Feature/initializer (#39)
Goltergaul/definition: README.md

convert input hashes that conform with the model schema to an instance of the model.

```ruby
class Address < Definition::Model
  required :street, Definition.Type(String)
  required :postal_code, Definition.Type(String)
end

class User < Definition::Model
  required :username, Definition.Type(String)
  required :address, Definition.CoercibleModel(Address)
end

# Address is converted into an Address model automatically:
user = User.new(username: "John", address: { street: "123 Fakestreet", postal_code: "2dfx4" })
user.address.street # => "123 Fakestreet"

class UserNotCoercibleAddress < Definition::Model
  required :username, Definition.Type(String)
  required :address, Address
end

# Address is not converted automatically, instead it needs to be of type Address already:
UserNotCoercibleAddress.new(username: "John", address: { street: "123 Fakestreet", postal_code: "2dfx4" }) # => raises a Definition::InvalidModelError
UserNotCoercibleAddress.new(username: "John", address: Address.new(street: "123 Fakestreet", postal_code: "2dfx4")).address.street # => "123 Fakestreet"
```

### Intialization argument validation

> Definition provides a mixing that allows you to validate keyword arguments of class initialisation methods. This is meant to be used with classes that provide business logic where as the models are meant to be used to pass data around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Definition provides a mixing that allows you to validate keyword arguments of class initialization methods. This is meant to be used with classes that provide business logic whereas the models are meant to be used to pass data around.
```

> Definition provides a mixing that allows you to validate keyword arguments of class initialisation methods. This is meant to be used with classes that provide business logic where as the models are meant to be used to pass data around.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Definition provides a mixin that allows you to validate keyword arguments of class initialisation methods. This is meant to be used with classes that provide business logic where as the models are meant to be used to pass data around.
```

The major differences to a Definition::Model are:

> * The values are not frozen and can be changed 

Reviewer 3: Here you mean that the values can be modified by e.g. the "class providing the business logic" internally right?

Asking this because when I follow your example from below, I'm not able to do the following:
```
user = User.new(id: 1, name: "Joe")
user.name = "Alice" # => raises NoMethodError (protected method `name=' called for #<User:0x0000557454ec0978>)
```

The text suggests to me that the setters are public.

Author: > Here you mean that the values can be modified by e.g. the "class providing the business logic" internally right?

yes
